PolyForm Noncommercial License 1.0.0

Required Notice: Copyright 2025 sethuiyer (github.com/sethuiyer)

Acceptance

In order to get any license under these terms, you must agree to them as both
strict obligations and conditions to all your licenses.

Copyright License

The licensor grants you a copyright license to do everything with the software
that would otherwise infringe the licensor's copyright in it, for any
noncommercial purpose, for the duration of the license, and in the territory
where you are located. The licensor may revoke this license if you breach any of
its terms.

Patent License

The licensor grants you a patent license to make, have made, use, sell, offer
for sale, import, and otherwise transfer the software, where that license
applies only to the parts of the software the licensor has patent claims to
license, and for any noncommercial purpose. The licensor may revoke this license
if you breach any of its terms.

Noncommercial Purposes

Noncommercial purposes include uses for personal study, research, and testing.
They do not include distributing the software or any modification to the
software in source or executable form for profit, or using the software or any
modification to the software in any application, product, or service that you
sell, offer for sale, or otherwise monetize.

Excuse

If the licensor ends this license for your breach, you can keep this license by
fully complying within 30 days of receiving notice of your breach. If you do,
your license is reinstated retroactively, but only once, and only if you are not
at fault for more than one breach.

Compliance

You must ensure that anyone who gets a copy of any part of the software from you
also gets a copy of these terms. If you modify the software, you must include in
any modified files a noticeable change to show that you have modified the
software.

Notices

You must ensure that anyone who gets a copy of any part of the software from you
also gets copies of any plain-text lines beginning with "Required Notice:" that
the licensor provided with the software. For example, if the licensor says to
display "Required Notice: Copyright 2025 sethuiyer" in the software about box,
you must do so in any modified version of the software you distribute.

No Other Rights

These terms do not allow you to sublicense or transfer any of your licenses to
anyone else, or prevent the licensor from granting licenses to anyone else. These
terms do not imply any other licenses.

Patent Defense

If you make any written claim that the software infringes or contributes to
infringement of any patent, your patent license for the software ends
immediately. If your company makes such a claim, your patent license ends
immediately for work on behalf of your company.

Violations

You must not make false claims about the software. You must not remove or
obscure any part of any required notices. You must not use any part of the
software or any derivative work of the software in violation of any export laws
or regulations.

No Warranty

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT WILL THE LICENSOR
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR USE OF THE
SOFTWARE.

Limitation of Liability

EXCEPT FOR ANY LIABILITY THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY LAW, THE LICENSOR
WILL NOT BE LIABLE UNDER THESE TERMS FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS. THE LICENSOR'S
TOTAL LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES UNDER THESE TERMS WILL NOT EXCEED THE FEES YOU PAID
to THE LICENSOR FOR THE SOFTWARE, IF ANY.

Governance

These terms are governed by the laws of the jurisdiction where the licensor is
located, without regard to conflict of laws principles. Any dispute arising out
of or relating to these terms or the software will be resolved exclusively in
the courts of that jurisdiction.
